‎develop a static blog style digital product download website mainly for html templates and WordPress themes plugins download. homepage layout top header menu logo name Dev27 on left side menu (with categories html templates , coming soon, landing page, email templates) on right side include modern full page overlay style search Website, main content area two columns product posts grid , thumbnail title metadata only total downloads developer name Dev27. pagination with 8 product cards on a single page. right sidebar with widgets for ads spots top widget and bottom widget, popular products social media link button with real brand color Facebook, x, LinkedIn, reddit, Instagram, YouTube use font awesome for icons. newsletter subscribe working compatible with MailChimp.
‎modern creative footer layout about section, links, stats for total downloads total products. bottom bar with copyright made with ❤️ by Dev27.xyz.
‎single product page layout same content are on left with right sidebar, product featured image on top below live Preview and jump to download buttons jump to download button scrolls down to bottom of the post actual download now button is available at bottom of the post other important details like product description features details as a blog post content for SEO purposes. download button directly downloads file and goes to thank page unique large thank you . ads placements above content below content in content or in article multiple ads placements on every page content area and right sidebar. about us page contact us page working contact for with email forwarded to a Gmail email setup. Instagram contact box (use Instagram brand colors) widget at bottom of contact us page just above footer.
‎use only html css vanilla js ready to deploy to cloudflare pages easy to manage edit existing posts adding new posts all data store in json and GitHub.
‎modern developer friendly theme fonts color scheme light background colors primary color carrot red, grass green for download now button, coal black for jump to download, clean fresh looking website easy user experience.